a year has passed it became a moment like ours
Sensei died and my brothers and I quarreled
I buried Sensei almost immediately, but
the brothers didn't come to the funeral even
despite our differences well
let's probably go to the grave
of our sensi i will bury saint-ainyans and
our old base
here they didn’t come here she is our grave
the king himself
Sorry I have not fulfilled it
last wish that did not speak
before and if on this battle
he wanted us to be more precise
his sons brothers always lived in peace and
joy seems to me that all this
happened because of me because of me you
brothers will follow it's everything I
started
excuse me sensei i let down also i
constantly looking for a dark lord to
revenge him for our sun and I even
already forgot about that stupid ultra title
ninja
I just wanted revenge and it would be better
if i could bring life back
the sun i
but it is impossible what is water probably
goes home
give gazkul and what the edge is finally
I'll take you out of my way where this
ultra ninja
fuck you mother of me a motorcycle
almost ditched you think about continuing
target